README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @niuee

I come from a mechanical engineering background and am interested in coding in general.<br>
My learning path began when I started taking courses within the CS curriculum in college. <br>

I have most of my projects in college here on GitHub.<br>
Feel free to check those out. However, I haven't touched many of them since college. <br> 
I intend to revisit those during my free time at work.<br>

#### Below is the list of those project
- [Web crawler](https://github.com/niuee/simple-crawler) implemented in C++ with a custom parser for urls and site content. 
A [Search engine](https://github.com/niuee/simple-searchengine) using three different data structures: BST, Array, and HashTable(from CS 251 in Purdue)
- [IRC server](https://github.com/niuee/ircserver-practice) for real-time chatting with features like a chat room and user account (from CS 240 in Purdue)

#### Current Side Projects
After I left my previous job I started to keep myself busy by catching up with the backend development in the web dev industry. 
I have started a series of side projects that will ultimately come together as a horse racing simulation game. 
I have applied some of the stuff I learned about backend tech in some projects. Everything with a hr(horse racing) prefix is part of the project. 
- [HR Racetrack Maker](https://github.com/niuee/hrracetrack-maker)
- [HR Physics Engine](https://github.com/niuee/hrphysics-simulation)
- [HR GraphQL](https://github.com/niuee/hrGraphql)
- [HR Crawler](https://github.com/niuee/hrcrawler)

Some other projects that are worth checking out
- [Web Component Library](https://github.com/niuee/vnt-component-library)
- [point2point](https://github.com/niuee/point2point)



<!---
niuee/niuee is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Update README.md and fix some typos.

README.md, after:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @niuee

I come from a mechanical engineering background and am interested in coding in general.<br>
My learning path began when I started taking courses within the CS curriculum in college. <br>

I have most of my projects in college here on GitHub.<br>
Feel free to check those out. However, I haven't touched many of them since college. <br> 
I intend to revisit those during my free time at work.<br>

#### Below is the list of those project
- [Web crawler](https://github.com/niuee/simple-crawler) implemented in C++ with a custom parser for urls and site content. 
A [Search engine](https://github.com/niuee/simple-searchengine) using three different data structures: BST, Array, and HashTable(from CS 251 in Purdue)
- [IRC server](https://github.com/niuee/ircserver-practice) for real-time chatting with features like a chat room and user account (from CS 240 in Purdue)

#### Current Side Projects
After I left my previous job, I started to keep myself busy by catching up with the backend development in the web dev industry. 
I have started a series of side projects that will ultimately come together as a horse racing simulation game. 
I have applied some of the stuff I learned about backend tech in some projects. Everything with a hr(horse racing) prefix is part of the project. 
- [HR Racetrack Maker](https://github.com/niuee/hrracetrack-maker)
- [HR Physics Engine](https://github.com/niuee/hrphysics-simulation)
- [HR GraphQL](https://github.com/niuee/hrGraphql)
- [HR Crawler](https://github.com/niuee/hrcrawler)

Some other projects that are worth checking out
- [bCurve](https://github.com/niuee/bCurve) This is a simple, bezier curve-related computation library.
- [Web Component Library](https://github.com/niuee/vnt-component-library) This is a testing ground where I prototype my ideas, and some of them may evolve into their own project.
- [point2point](https://github.com/niuee/point2point) This is a 2D vector-related library that I use in some of my other projects. For instance, the [bCurve](https://github.com/niuee/bCurve) and the [vCanvas](https://github.com/niuee/vCanvas).
- [vCanvas](https://github.com/niuee/vCanvas) This is a pannable, zoomable, and rotatable (not sure if this word exists) custom canvas element using the web component API.



<!---
niuee/niuee is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
